The Very Hungry
[Music]
Caterpillar
in the light of the
Moon a little egg lay on a
leaf
one Sunday morning the warm sun came up
and
pop out of the egg came a tiny and Very
Hungry
Caterpillar he started to look for some
[Music]
food
on Monday he ate through one
[Music]
apple
but he was still
hungry on Tuesday he ate through two
pairs but he was still
[Music]
hungry
on Wednesday he ate through three
plums but he was still
[Music]
hungry on Thursday he ate through four
strawberries
but he was still
[Music]
[Applause]
hungry
[Music]
on Friday he at through five oranges but
he was still
hungry on Saturday he ate through one
piece of chocolate cake one ice cream
cone one
pickle one slice of Swiss cheese one
slice of salami one
lollipop one piece of cherry pie one
sausage one cupcake and one slice of
watermelon
that night he had a stomach
[Music]
ache the next day was Sunday again the
caterpillar ate through one nice green
leaf and after that he felt much
better now he was hungry anymore and he
wasn't a little caterpillar anymore he
was a big fat
[Music]
caterpillar he built a small house
called a cocoon around
himself
he stayed inside for more than 2
[Music]
weeks then he nibbled a hole in the
Cocoon pushed his way out
and he was a beautiful butterfly
[Music]
all